Previously on
Covert Affairs..
Borz Altan--
he did security work for me
for four months
in Eastern Europe.
The Altans somehow
had knowledge
of our secret Chicago facility.
Who planned the attack
in Chicago?
I only knew him
as the Postman.
The money was transferred
through a bank in Paris
two days before the attack.
That could lead us
to who funded the bombing.
- What is your name again?
- Hayley Price.
You ever served
in the military?
No.
Operated
in a hostile territory?
Other than right here?
I like to be in charge,
I hope that's okay.
How much did you see?
It doesn't take a spy
to connect the dots.
Don't worry. I'm not gonna
charge you or anything.
I never wanted
to break up with you.
The CIA made me do it.
I love you, Auggie.
Natasha!
Whoa.
Oh...
Hey. Get Auggie
on the line for me.
As much as I know
you like being in control...
I believe it's time
we start taking turns.
Incoming call--Eric B.
Incoming call--
That's the lieutenant
of my hacker army.
Then you'd better take it.
Incoming call--Eric B.
What is it?
All right, I'll be right in.
As much as I would love to
pick up where we just left off--
- I'll drive you in.
- Thank you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey, Auggie.
You all right?
Yeah, I'm just working out.
You sure that's all it is?
Fit as a fiddle.
And thank you.
That's what friends are for.
And you're welcome,
and I need you to come in.
We've got a lead on the bank
that paid the Postman.
I'm on my way.
Hey, Arthur,
I need a favor.
Good morning
to you too, Caitlyn.
Good morning, Arthur.
I forget that my directness
seems to bulldoze pleasantries.
No, it's all right.
I'm getting used to it.
I still need that favor.
How can I help you?
We have a security bid meeting
in Ramadi in two days.
I'm happy to call
my Middle East contacts
on your behalf.
I need you
in that meeting with me.
I thought Ryan was taking
the lead on that one.
He's been beefing up our
domestic security initiative,
since you made it rain
at Pierson's fund-raiser.
- Then I'll be there.
- Wheels up at 0400.
We're taking
one of the jets.
A DNI investigator
has put in a request
to discuss
the Chicago event with you.
- Any headlines?
- Nothing specific just yet,
but you know how this goes.
They're looking
for someone to blame.
Oh, these witch hunts
never get any easier.
We can go over everything
as many times as you need
before you meet with them.
Great.
I've got nothing but work
on my plate these days.
- Hey, Calder.
- Joan.
Calder, I'd like you
to meet Lara Andrews.
She works in the office
of the general counsel.
- Nice to meet you, Lara.
- Likewise.
Lara was stationed in Quito.
You two should get together
and swap stories some time.
Preferably some time
when I'm not headed
to a meeting with the DCI.
I'm headed in that direction.
I'll go up with you.
- Pleasure meeting you.
- You too, Calder.
Joan, I'll be in touch.
Great. Thanks.
You should ask Lara out.
This is about what you saw
the other night.
This is about circling
the wagons.
We're under the DNI's
magnifying glass right now.
I'm aware of that, Joan.
Then you should also know that
we can't give them any reasons
to fault our actions.
Look, even if you don't hit
it off romantically with Lara,
she's someone you want
in your corner.
Fine.
I'll ask her out.
Send me
her contact information.
Will do.
We know the money came
from Kredit Krepost--
a private bank in Paris
favored by oligarchs
and warlords.
It's run by Ivan Kravec.
Barber, pull him up, would you?
Yeah, you got it.
Now, he's former FSB.
That explains
the bank's clientele.
And the impenetrable code
protecting the bank's servers.
A hack like this
could take months
if we didn't already
have an in.
What kind of in?
The code's signature
belongs to Natasha Petrovna.
The hacker virtuoso
ex-girlfriend.
We know who she is, Barber.
You have dated
the coolest chicks--
present company
most definitely included.
- Thank you, Eric.
- Yeah.
Let me get this straight.
You two want to ask
Natasha Petrovna,
a fugitive
wanted by the FBI,
to hack for us?
Natasha wrote the open code
that the bank
uses to protect its data,
so she's the ideal person
to hack it.
Petrovna's been on the run
for the past four years.
How do you plan
on contacting her?
I'll plant a message
on an underground cyber channel
to set up a meet in Paris.
Considering your history
with her,
what makes you think
she'll even agree to see you?
Well, I think
my history with her
is exactly why she'll agree
to see me.
I don't know what that means.
Well, she said some things
the last time I last saw her.
What kind of things?
"I love you"
kind of things, okay?
You're all right
with this tack, Annie?
Natasha is our best shot
at finding out
who funded Chicago.
If Auggie thinks
he can get her to help,
I think it's
the best course of action.
All right.
Looks like you're gonna be in
the field for this Op, Auggie.
You're gonna need a handler.
I'll do it.
What do you say, Auggie?
Mais oui.
My coffee's pretty good.
How's yours?
It's Paris.
Are you okay?
Sorry. It's just
I honestly never thought
I'd see Natasha again.
She's here.
Auggie.
Natasha.
You look great.
Come with me.
You seem to have taken
my spy crash course to heart.
I haven't had
much of a choice.
You clearly
haven't changed a bit.
That's not true.
My hair is longer.
I'm surprised your employer
would allow
such a rebellious statement.
How have you been?
How do you think?
I've been on the run
since I saw you last.
I never stay in one place
long enough to call it home.
And I spend a lot of time
on trains,
which you happened
to have ruined for me.
I will take that
as a compliment.
You should.
Tash...
I didn't ask you here
for personal reasons.
I need a favor.
What kind of favor?
Kredit Krepost is using your
open code to protect its data.
I knew it.
This is about some CIA mission.
I need you to make a key
that will open a back door
into the bank
security systems.
I made that open code
for people who need
to protect information
from prying agencies
like the one you work for.
Your open code
is protecting very bad people.
Even if I did make you
a key to open a back door
into the bank's security system,
you'd have to access
the servers directly.
And while I remember
you're good with your hands,
you're not that good.
- Tash--
- Don't "Tash" me.
We're done here.
And don't reach out
to me again.
♪ Covert Affairs 05x05 ♪
Elevate Me Later
Original Air Date on July 22, 2014
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Auggie.
Reunited, and it doesn't
feel so good.
You've still got a shot.
You ruined trains for her.
She's still angry.
You're still on her mind.
She took a big risk even
showing up here.
You matter to her.
That doesn't mean
she's gonna help.
Being on the run
is an isolated existence.
What she wants is connection.
The emotional capital
you have with her,
that is how we're gonna
convince her to help us.
I'll make
a second approach.
I put a GPS tracker
in her sleeve.
So you knew
you still had a shot.
I never give up...
A lot like
someone else I know.
Speaking of,
did you hear her say
we can't hack into the bank's
servers from the outside?
Yeah,
but I'll find a way in.
Where are you off to?
You know I'm not
at liberty to say.
McQuaid Security
certainly takes
their confidentiality
agreements seriously.
As seriously as Langley
takes theirs.
We know the drill
all too well.
I'll ask you questions
I know you can answer.
How long?
A couple of days.
I haven't even left yet,
and I already miss Mack.
Yeah, well, that's natural.
It's your first time away
since he was born.
Who's going with you?
You know that's a question
I can't answer.
Caitlyn.
And you know you have
nothing to worry about.
My guard is up.
Not just yet, I hope.
Tash!
What is this? Did you use
your spy bullshit to find me?
Uh, yeah, I did, actually.
It's--it's in your sleeve.
Sorry.
Can I come in?
I'm alone.
I'm leaving,
so make it quick.
Listen, I, uh...
I don't want you
leaving Paris angry with me.
It's a little late
for that.
I know.
And I'm sorry I upset you.
I-I shouldn't have put you
on the spot with a work favor
when there's so much left
unsaid between us.
What else is there to say?
Well, I'm trying--
your hacks come across my desk
from time to time--
Nexnet, Cynder...
Incredible, elegant code work.
And when I read it, I think
about how brilliant you are.
And...
I miss you.
Sometimes I wonder
what life would have been like
if you jumped
off that train with me.
I wanted to.
But I'm here now.
Incoming call--Hayley.
Who's that--
your girlfriend?
Infatuated Auggie groupie?
It's--it's just--
it's a work thing. It can wait.
I'll do it.
You'll do what?
I'll build you a key.
Oh.
But I have terms.
All right, what are they?
I want the FBI charges
against me dropped.
I'm tired of running,
and I want to return
to the states.
That's a tall order,
but I'll--
I can have Langley talk
to the FBI,
work something out.
That's not all.
What else?
I want your complete honesty
from here on out--no lies.
You have my word.
Then we have a deal.
- Bonjour.
- Salut.
Are we clean?
Yeah.
How'd it go with Natasha?
Good. She's gonna
build the key
in exchange
for us getting the FBI
to drop the charges
against her.
I will put in a call to Calder
and get that ball rolling.
I knew you could get her
to help us.
For the record,
I didn't go over there
planning to spend the night.
You don't have
to explain yourself to me.
You did
what was necessary.
Do you want to talk
about it?
Can we can talk about it?
Yeah, we can talk
about it.
All right.
Remember Hayley
from Pierson's gala?
We've been dating.
I like her.
But this thing
with Natasha--
we still have a connection.
The work we do,
the emotions--
it's a thin line.
But it doesn't mean
you can't complete the mission.
Thanks.
That's what friends are for.
How'd it go at the bank?
Well, the bad news is
I can't get in.
But the good news is
I think I found an easier path.
Ivan carries a laptop-sized,
metal briefcase
with a
fingerprint-recognition pad.
That's our way in.
The only reason he'd be carrying
a briefcase like that
is if he's using it to access
the bank's data remotely.
I was hoping you'd say that.
So tell me
about Natasha's key.
It's a flash drive
with encrypted code on it.
Plug it into the laptop.
It uploads a tap
that allows us to access
and track
all the bank's data.
How are you gonna get
to Ivan's laptop?
Get close,
look for an opportunity.
- He has a security detail.
- I know.
Are you sure that targeting
a former Russian spy
is the path
of least resistance?
It's the only path we have.
I can't understand
what you're saying.
Nice shooting.
I see the shots,
and I take them.
What's your name,
American sharpshooter?
Martine Miller.
Pleasure to meet you,
I'm Ivan Kravec.
What brings you to Paris?
The hunting France exposition.
I'm a sales rep
for Browning.
I hear you make
good shotguns.
We make the best shotguns.
Tell me, Martine Miller,
why would you use
a rented gun
when you work
in the hunting industry?
To test my skills.
In what way?
Any decent marksman
can hit the target
with the gun
he uses every day.
I like a challenge.
I have a gun collection
at the lodge
which you might appreciate.
Would you like to see it?
I'd love to.
- What do you think?
- Let's call Ryan.
- Why?
- Run it by him.
We're here to make
the decision for him.
Do you think we should take him
the bid at $10 million?
- I do.
- Then we make the deal.
It's that simple?
It is when you
don't have to cut
through Langley's red tape.
Oh, I could get used
to simple.
We hammered
that deal out quickly.
Things happen fast
when you don't have to jump
through hoops.
And the Arthur Campbell touch
certainly didn't hurt.
Ah, it was a team effort,
Caitlyn.
Don't be so modest, Arthur.
Ryan told me
you'd be great in a room.
I just didn't believe him until
I saw you in action firsthand.
Is there anything
you don't do well?
I don't let things
get complicated.
Good to know.
Drive!
Get as close as you can!
Watch your 5s and 25s.
Let's go.
Go! Go!
Go! Let's go!
Go!
- Thank you.
- This way, Martine.
After you.
You like my Fedorov?
What's not to like?
It's the world's
first assault rifle.
Some Germans
would disagree with you.
They'd be wrong.
1916--that's one
of the first ever made.
- You know your trade.
- It's my job.
If you were open to collecting
American-made firearms,
I could help you diversify.
Since you are in sales,
you must be very skilled
at reading people.
Hmm?
- Not really.
- No?
The great thing about guns
is that they sell themselves.
Hmm.
I see a shot.
What do you think,
Martine, hmm?
Should I take it?
You're misusing your Lobaev.
It's meant
for long-range precision.
But if you want
to take a shot...
Aim here.
I like what you're made of.
Will you join me for dinner
at my house tonight?
I wouldn't miss it.
Incoming call--Hayley.
- Hey.
- Hey, handsome.
You want to meet up
for dinner later?
I can't.
Sorry.
I got to pull
an all-nighter at work.
Okay. I'll call you later
when you come up for air.
Yeah, that sounds good.
I got to go.
Someone's earned a break.
Mmm. That smell.
Bacon tarts?
Very good.
You remembered how much
I hate those things.
There you go.
- What's the catch?
- No catch.
I've already agreed
to help you, Auggie.
You don't have to spoil me.
I'm not spoiling you,
I'm keeping you well fed.
You probably think
I have expectations of you,
of us, but I don't.
I don't believe
in fairy tales.
Well, I don't think anyone's
gonna confuse our story
with a fairy tale.
It has
a certain romance, no?
Well, then maybe
you should be getting ready
for your happy ending.
Now you're just toying
with me.
No, I'm serious.
You should be thinking
about where you want to go
when you get
back to the states.
Do you remember that park
where we used to picnic,
near the water?
- The tidal basin?
- That's where I want to go.
I want to sit on a blanket
for the whole day.
I've spent
so much time running.
Now I want to stay
in one place and be still.
You've changed.
Are you going to take me
to the damn park or not?
Yes, I'll take you
to the damn park.
You gonna eat
a damn bacon tart or not?
Thank you for pulling my ass
from the flames, sir.
Ah, you would've done
the same thing for me.
And call me Arthur.
Excuse me.
Are you okay?
I know for a fact
you're not the drink-alone type.
I'm fine.
You were brave today...
When it mattered.
Your cover fire
had the insurgents pinned down
and kissing sand.
Lots of target practice--
perk of working for McQuaid.
That and surviving
the occasional firefight.
- What are you doing?
- Sorry, Mr. Michaels.
I tried to explain
that you were unavailable.
It's okay.
Close the door behind you.
- How can I help you, Joan?
- Why did you stand Lara up?
I did not stand her up.
I called and canceled.
An hour
after you were supposed
to meet her
at the restaurant.
Joan, you of all people know
what this job requires.
I got caught up.
Yeah, or you blew her off
because she's not someone
you can pull into a coatroom
and have your way with.
You have no idea
what you saw the other night.
You care for that woman.
We are under siege,
and she is a liability...
Now more than ever.
What do you want, Joan--
my job?
If I wanted your job,
I would sit back,
say nothing,
and watch you get fired.
So what's your angle?
I need an ally
more than an angle.
And you're gonna
need one, too,
if you want to stay
in this office.
Tony Lucca from the FBI
is on the line.
I'll put him on speaker.
Hey, Tony, what's the word
on dropping the charges
against Petrovna?
Hey, Auggie.
Hey. You get everything
for your date with Ivan?
Everything
except Natasha's key.
It's ready to go. I just need
to pick it up from her.
I talked to Calder.
It's not going to happen.
Sorry.
You know you can't tell her
until we get the intel.
That's not how I want
to play this.
- Do you have another idea?
- Yeah.
I'm gonna tell her the truth.
The deal we made was the key
for her immunity.
If you tell her what's going on,
we don't get the key,
and this whole
mission blows up.
I just need
more time with her.
Yeah, well,
you don't have more time.
Ivan leaves in the morning.
Annie, I'm not gonna lie
to her. I don't have to.
So you told her
about Hayley?
No.
Kind of.
As your friend, I understand
how difficult this is.
But as your handler,
you know I have to remind you
that you can't let your feelings
influence the mission.
They're not.
So you know
what you have to do.
I will find another way.
I can handle this.
Auggie, don't forget
why we're here,
not when we're so close
to figuring out
who paid for the Postman--
So that we can get
justice for Charlie
and the 11 others
we lost in Chicago.
I haven't forgotten
why we're here.
I heard that.
You know I can't see
what you're looking at, right?
I forget sometimes.
- What were you looking at?
- Nothing.
You want your key?
There's something
you need to know.
What's wrong?
The Agency couldn't get
the charges against you dropped.
Then you don't get
your key.
Look, I know you and I have
always had different beliefs
when it comes to ethics,
but you have never believed
in protecting murderers.
Why should I help people
who can't help me?
Because I'm asking you to.
And you can trust me.
Please leave.
I don't want to leave.
- Liar!
- What? What is going on?
Don't play games with me!
What games?
What are you talking about?
You know my key
has been stolen!
- Your--
- I can't believe
I was stupid enough
to trust you.
Every word that came
out of your mouth was a lie!
Tash, that is not true.
Stop!
I can't handle hearing
any more of your bullshit.
- It's not--
- All this was a distraction
so one of your spooks
could steal my key.
No. No!
Natasha, listen to me.
I am done listening to you!
Get out!
No, listen to me!
It is not what you think!
Get out! I don't--I don't
want to see you again!
- Tash!
- I never want to see you again!
Tash!
I hope
I didn't keep you waiting.
You're worth the wait.
Hmm?
I would like
to show you something.
You have quite a collection.
Yeah.
What century is this one?
Who are you really,
Martine Miller?
Huh?
Who do you think I am...
Someone who likes it rough?
I was hoping so, huh?
You need to catch up.
Force me.
Ahh.
Choke me.
Yes.
Ahh.
I got the intel.
No shit.
You didn't even give me
a chance to convince her.
I did give you a chance,
but instead of convincing her,
you slept with her.
I just needed more time.
There was no more time.
This was my one shot
with Ivan,
and now we have a lead
that can help us track down
whoever killed 12 Americans.
Yeah, I know we needed
the intel, Annie.
That's not the point.
So what is the point?
The point is my friend
violated my trust,
and I would never do that
to you.
I only did that
because you were compromised.
I always choose you
over the mission...
Always...
Even if it means hiding
your medical condition
from the Agency,
which could get me fired.
I choose you.
But you?
Well, you choose the mission.
And you think that makes you
better at what you do.
But the truth is, turning
your back on your emotions
doesn't make you a better spy.
It's just cutting you off
from anyone close to you.
You probably
don't remember me.
We met in D.C.
four years ago.
At the Datatech conference.
You're Auggie's
seeing eye dog.
How did you find me?
I bugged your cell phone.
When you stole my key.
I did that without Auggie's
knowledge or consent.
Why should I believe you?
You lie to people
for a living.
That's true of me,
but not of him.
We both know he's the kind
of guy that keeps his promises.
He put you up to this.
- He doesn't even know I'm here.
- Why are you here?
Why do you care what I think
about Auggie?
Because he cares about you.
And I care about him.
So don't punish him
for something he didn't do.
Welcome home.
Oh, you two are a sight
for sore eyes.
Hi, buddy boy.
Sounds like
you had quite a trip.
Yeah, you could say that.
What happened?
Well, all things considered,
it went well.
Hi, this is the voice mail
of Auggie Anderson.
Please leave a message.
Hey, Auggie. We left things
unresolved in Paris,
and that's not like us.
So I'm across town getting
your favorite coffee
and doing it up
just the way you like it.
Let's talk when I get in.
See you soon.
Good morning, Annie.
Shall we get started?
- Without Auggie?
- He's not coming in today.
Apparently he caught
a bug on the flight.
Great work in Paris.
Everyone upstairs
is very impressed.
Auggie deserves
all the credit.
Spoken
like a seasoned handler.
The mission
would not have been a success
if it wasn't for the connection
he cultivated with Natasha.
Now you sound like Auggie
when he talks about you.
You two will always be
a great team.
We've analyzed
the bank's data.
Whose account
paid for Chicago?
Ivan Kravec's.
Now's not
a good time, Walker!
Hurry up and open
the door, Auggie.
Surprise!
Come in.
Surprise is right.
I did not see this coming.
That's because you're blind.
How did you--
why the change of heart?
Maybe I wanted
a happy ending.
Incoming call--Hayley.
- Work again?
- Incoming call--Hayley.
Yeah.
- Work can wait.
- Incoming call--Hayley.
Incoming call--Hayley.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org